# Project: Landing Page

Author: Manik Rana

Version: 1.1

# Dependencies
none

# Project Details
1. In this project, the JS file app.js interacts with the file index.html. app.js is sourced at the end of the file, right before the closing body tag.

2. The navlist is fetched from the page and child li items are populated by fetching all the section elements.

3. a tags are child elements of li elements so that corresponding sections on the page can be reached, when clicked.

4. Alternatively, li tags could have been the child items of a tags. That way, whole li area could have been clickable. The only reason I went for the other way is that ideally, li tags should be first tags within ul tags.

5. Classes 'active' and 'your-active-class' are applied to the section in view. Alternatively, they are removed from the sections that are not in view.

6. Function activate() applies the active classes to the section in view and removes from the sections that are not in view.

7. Some CSS properties have been modified for aesthetics purposes.

8. [Suggested Items] By default, the navigation menu hides after 3 seconds of page load.

9. IDs of li elements are generated by taking the section ID and replacing 'section' with 'li'. This is accomplished by liIdGenerator function.

10. [Suggested Items] When there is a mouse movement, the navigation menu appears again. Then hides again after 5 seconds. This functionality is a bit sketchy because I observed that previous functions remain in the Call Stack. It works for most part, but I am not satisfied with the solution. Since it is a suggested item, I am submitting the project like that as I am running out of time to complete the nanodegree program.
